Aarav 
Phone : 919-987-5657	aarav.bogadapati@deeptechnyse.com	aarav.bogadapati@gmail.com  
Websites : www.aaravworkshop.com    https://deeptechnyse.com/about-us/

I am interested in focusing on the Fintech Industry(Finance & Technology Domain). I like using Technology in making Humanity better. Technology can provide answers to many questions while making informed decisions. Working in Trading Securities using Technology making smart decisions and analyzing the Companies for making Investments like Call, Put’s Options. I have built a “Fintech - Smart Analyst” product (www.deeptechnyse.com). My product can also work with Crypto currencies trading. I think this way, I can help small investors use Machine Learning Technology and make informed decisions in the securities market. With a similar framework I have built “Surveillance”  and “Tax-Invoices” products.

Products Development Environment: 
Technology Used : 
Tools / Languages
Python 3.11, 3.12, Pandas 2.0, 2.1, React JS, Github, MS Office
GUI
Xamarin ( Android & iOS), Wordpress, Elementor, Django, Flask, Kotlin
Cloud
Google Cloud Platform (Host website, Domain), AWS for Website hosting
Database
MS Sql
Machine Learning / Packages
Keras, SK Learn, Linear Regression, Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) ,  Coco DataSet, Invoice Package : PyTesseract, Beautiful Soup, Turtle


Fintech Domain Knowledge : 
Fintech
Business Intelligence Certified by Google
Fintech
Financial Market Certification by Yale University
Technology
Python Course from Coursera
Fintech / Technology
Self Learned : Technology and Finance Domain courses from YouTube. 


Academic Achievements:
Received US President’s - (Mr Donald Trump)  Award for excellence in Academics -2019
Received : OutStanding Performance Award. -2019
Music -Flute Certification from ABRSM - UK Based University for Music.
Chess : US Ranked player 
Tennis : US Ranked player 
Swimming : US Ranked player  
75 Volunteer / Community Support hours 
Won Chess, Math competitions.
knowledge person 
Won prizes in Kite Making, Singing, Painting & Drawing, Toastmaster Competition. 
Panther Creek High School Marching Band - Flute : Reached Nationals Finals.

Programs which I have initiated / integrated. 
Panther Creek Finance and Economics Club as President of Club.
I am committee member
Panther Creek High School DECA Club  for Young Entrepreneurs.  
Panther Creek High School Track & Field Team Member. 
Mentor for TATA Yuva Python Club.
Cary, NC,USA : TeenCaryCouncil Member.
 

Products Services @  www.deeptechnyse.com : 
Inventor of Products (Fintech - Smart Analyst, Surveillance,Tax-Invoices)

Fintech - Smart Analyst :  
Core functionality : Manage Assets, Prediction of Stock Price, Market Sentiment
Products give customer Stock Prediction for next Trading Day along with Market Sentiment on the NYSE Ticker Code. This would help small time investors to make well informed decisions. If an individual has multiple Stock trading accounts, he can create a list in our app and we can predict the prices of each ticker for the next trading day. Customers can make more mature / informed decisions on the current holdings.

Surveillance Video Processing:
Core Functionality : Use ML to Identify Images in Video and make timeline Reports. 
My product can navigate the Customer directly to the section of the video where a Person of interest is present. Product gives exact Timeline of the person's first presence. 

Tax-Invoices Product:
Core Functionality : Understands Invoices and takes Tax paid for filing Tax Exemption
This initiative was triggered as Volunteer Work for the Hindu Temple. I was doing other Volunteer activities in temples and temple authorities approached me for this Product to them for filing year end Taxes. So I developed using Python to help them.  

Personal Info @ www.aaravworkshop.com
Core Functionality : Personal Information, Games, Charitable programs, Recycle electronics.
I have revamped my Website many times in the past 4 years. Hosted on Google Cloud Platform with static VMC, it is low cost hosting with security to my website. I have charity events updates and sales of used computer peripherals which would have caused a huge amount of pollution if they are discarded. I think the best way to save pollution is by REUSE of electronics and I am doing my part by using my website to publish used electronic equipment and decrease the need to purchase new.
Eco System : Wordpress, Django, Flask, GCP, Jupyter Notebook. IntelliJ 

Application / Games : 
Android : Dice Rollout 
This application works on Kotlin using Android Studio IDE. It is a simple DICE with prediction of the output.  This improves in guess work and kids can play as DICE for the board games.
Google AppStore.
Eco System : Android Studio, Visual Studio, PyCharm, Kotlin

Windows : PingPong Game
Used the Turtle package in Python to develop this simple game. It is a Windows / Python based game. I shared it with my friends, so they can play in their free time. 

YouTube Channel creation.
I have 2 mainstream focussed Youtube channels for Music & Arts and other for Gaming Videos. I love content development. These channels provided me with a good platform to  display my creation. 

Activities / Achievements: 
My experience starts (from 2018) with my Website (www.aaravworkshop.com ) which I have initially built using DJANGO and later with Wordpress. I have built small games for Revenue generation for my website hosting and other expenses and apps on mobile. I have multiple YouTube Channels for various content like creation on Origami  and Music Videos. I have a channel for Games like teaching Chess and Fortnite. 

